Struct (#4500)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/data_types/typecasting.md

### Structs

> Structs can be cast to other structs as long as they share at least one child element.

Reviewer: "Share at least one child element" sounds like this is comparing entries instead of field names. Following the entry paragraph of the struct.md ("This document refers to those entry names as keys. "), the following wording would be more accurate: 

```suggestion
Structs can be cast to other structs as long as they share at least one key.
```

> > The rationale behind this requirement is to help avoid unintended errors. If two structs do not have any elements in common, then the cast was likely not intended.

Reviewer: s.a.

```sql
SELECT CAST({'a': 42} AS STRUCT(a VARCHAR));
```

> Child elements that exist in the target struct, but that do not exist in the source struct, default to `NULL`.

Reviewer: s.a.
